Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design? The Gaming Room was a mobile app for android users. The goal of the Gaming Rooom was to expand the app so different platforms could use it all together and have a web-based version.
What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation? I believe what I did well was took my time and trusted in myself. At fist I stumbled on trying to figure out the client and server side but once I read up on this more it became more understandable.
What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code? Having most of the work already layed out is very helpful for me. I believe if I would have to start on a blank document it would of been more difficult and I would probably answer some of the questions wrong.
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing? It is always about the users needs and what they would like. The user is the person paying for everything they would like. It is my job to deliver everything the user asked for plus a little bit more so next time they are searching for somebody they won't forget how good of a job I did.
How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?  With most of it done it was not to bad. We just had to take out the bracketed text and add our own words which is fairly easy to handle. 
